>> Nina Zakharenko: Thanks for
coding along with me in this workshop.
I highly recommend that
you use Source Control
while working on your Python projects.
GitHub is a popular and free option.
If you want to learn more about Git,
you can check out my
Git In Depth Frontend Masters workshop.
For next steps,
now that you know the basics just enough
to get started working with APIs and
Python and the request library, I think
you know just enough to see exactly how
powerful Python can be when you chain
up all of these concepts together.
Your next study topics are how to
authenticate with APIs, how do you use
the other http methods, like post, to
create resources, or put to update them.
And read up on the request
quick start guide.
Some additional resources,
if you wanna learn all about Python Flask,
I would recommend you read
The Flask Negatutorial.
They don't really tell you all about the
A to Zs of doing Python web development
in Flask.
Lastly, The Hitchhiker's Guide
to Python is a free book.
I hope that today I've shown
you that Python is fun.
It's easy to learn and
incredibly powerful.
And I hope you continue
on your Python journey.
>> [APPLAUSE]